 One other thing is You need first your exact answer. Mit paien. He put a box around us. That's one of your answers. You're right, exact. And the other answer then will be... And you keep going and you do an approximate answer, and you can use the approximate symbol. (in brackets 2DP or 3DP).


 Getting a few more issues. You Forgot to put in 3.14, which is the main one. Pi, 22/7 and 3.14 are the main pi. Your decimal places. The box could be deeper, just make it more like what it was in Cuboid. am Fear is good. Yeah, the drawing is absolutely Ridiculous. one color, it would be black and white. Drawing Do you simplify 2πr^2 + πr^2 or do you do curved surface area? And you're not rounding, you need to get integers to be integers. With casting them. As aint INT Instead of casting them as Float. So you should not be getting seven squared equals 49.000. and I'll give you the drawing Does look good. Volume, yeah. It looks good, just a few things to fix.


No all you have to look and see here. Is that the cuboid has derivatives of the cube points such as open top and cube? Okay and then it has a beautiful. mixed units we won't need that so what we want to do here is take the sphere calculator and give a choice the shape will be his fear a Hemisphere okay the only other shape I can think of is a quarter sphere okay Now you don't need to say common units you do not need to say mix units. I'm not sure about the use of draw leave it out. We'll see later okay. But we do want. The same Behavior I have in the cuboid for the up down and integers if you go into the little box you have uptown and decimal. Okay be careful of your decimal behavior that it is. You know that it's rounding properly beautiful drawing and that drawing will adjust itself now. We're beautiful drawing for this fear, too. I would say maybe. A tiny bit well, you see the way, they are getting clipped by the let's make the kind of diameter a little bit deeper. You know the words to Bar to the front. Of the circumference goes a bit lower and the dotted line goes a bit higher or nua leave it alone bring that little ardo down a tiny bit and left that I actually really left a good because we want that to go or equals whatever. Whatever we have set including the size of a branded decimal. And have the common have the unit. Do what it does here in the cuboid habit it just a box that you drop down. Same with the decimal places. For you. for my answer, I don't because it's not relevant, but it is relevant here so Just have the decimal places fixed it to. Actually fix it a tree. So we can go up or down from there. Just to wait the unit does. That's for the decimal places altered units dude exact same behavior it's units and I think we can put in a few more kilometer centimeter millimeter. We can put in. micro meter nanometer even feet a mild feet yards of miles yards yd miles whatever just entered abbreviation is okay so if obviously if you're plotting a Hemisphere you just chop off the top. And I don't think we need a quarter sphere. It's not going to happen ever okay so for the hemisphere farther hemisphere the surface area will be 2 pi r squared. actually and then going and make it the Total surface area indicate because the total surface area is the cursor surface area when it's disappear? So actually call it curves surface area and somewhere in your excursive notes say as fears. Surface area is all curved but when you're doing for the hemisphere you see this total surface area is comprises of the curves surface area and a flatter surface area. Make sure it is a bit of factoring going on there. because we're obviously going to have two prior squared and I wonder isn't going to be too fibers Squirtle


Okay, I'm giving you sphere two. Because it's So a few things, fear one, There shouldn't be a Your arrow is sort of screwed up under radius and the radius should be You don't have to say the words 'fear' in the middle of it. You can pull R = 8.3 to the left so that it starts at the beginning of the radius line. The front of the circumference should be solid. That's a perfect drawing if you can just remove the top of the sphere. and keep the rest except to make the circumference solid than your sphere drawing. And your Hemisphere drawing are the same, we're just removing the top Arc above. The circumference. I'm doing a little bit of bold, about solid line everywhere because nothing is hidden anymore. . um Other issues, so have a look at sphere 1. atmosphere too. Whereby you have hemisphere across the top, then your unit is a drop down and you have loads of them nanometer. Then you have your units which start at meter. And go up and down. You could allow light-years. Above the kilometer. Your decimal faces. goes up and down Your radius is seven. Okay, an inside stitch, so that's perfect. Your drawing should change and a DP to T Is it approx sign 2dp? In your Circle underneath where it says radius. Okay, area of thing. hide Institution calculate late You don't use times for 3.14. You can allow for a pie selection, you can have an up/down option as well. You can have 'em. Pie. symbol used and then have pi itself and then up to 22/7 and down to 3.14